


























Resume- Druv Patel.docx


Druv M. Patel
864-323-1135 l Druvpatel21@gmail.com

Enthusiastic college student with over four years of experience with volunteering and communicating with
large groups of people. Excellent communication skills with people of all different backgrounds and age
groups. Hard working and eager to learn and contribute to company and team success. Outgoing student
pursuing a technology-related internship that will bring exposure to a career path that will align to my career
goals and interests.

EDUCATION:

University of South Carolina, Columbia, SC Expected Graduation May 2025
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science & Minor in Business Administration
Indian Cultural Exchange, 2021 - Present

University of South Carolina, Columbia, SC September 2023 - Present
Supplement Instruction Leader, Student Success Center

● Conduct weekly extracurricular learning sessions for 60 students in Advanced Programming
Techniques.

● Develop weekly session plans integrating learning strategies and examples to bolster student
comprehension.

● Collaborate with designated professor to integrate curriculum into SI session plans.
● Prioritize enhancing students' understanding of C++ topics and strategies.

BAPS Swaminarayan Sanstha, Augusta, GA November 2015 - Present
Volunteer (2018 – Present)

● Volunteer at events such as Kids Diwali Celebrations, religious ceremonies, and charity events.
● Coordinate with other volunteers at the temple to organize food, games, and events.
● Volunteer weekly to set up dining areas, snacks for youth, and seating for ceremonies.

Quality Inn, Greenwood, SC March 2021 – September 2022
Assistant Manager

● Manage guest services, accommodations, and complaints.
● Assist in developing schedules, workflows, and shift coverage to meet the hotel's demands.
● Facilitate effective communication with coworkers to optimize efficiency.
● Execute weekly bank deposits.

SKILLS:
● Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite
● Technical and Business Mindset
● Leadership
● Teamwork
● Intermediate understanding of java
● Proficient in C++

● Learning SQL principles and design
● Planning
● Planning
● Communication
● Customer Service
● Basic knowledge of Web Design

REFERENCES: Available upon request


